Psalm 104 bless the Lord O my soul O
Psalm 104 bless the Lord O my soul O Lord my god you are very great you are
Lord my god you are very great you are
Lord my god you are very great you are clothed with honor and Majesty who cover
clothed with honor and Majesty who cover
clothed with honor and Majesty who cover yourself with light as with a garment
yourself with light as with a garment
yourself with light as with a garment who stretch out the heavens like a
who stretch out the heavens like a
who stretch out the heavens like a curtain he lays the beams of his upper
curtain he lays the beams of his upper
curtain he lays the beams of his upper chambers in the waters who makes the
chambers in the waters who makes the
chambers in the waters who makes the clouds his chariot who walks on the
clouds his chariot who walks on the
clouds his chariot who walks on the wings of the wind who makes his angels
wings of the wind who makes his angels
wings of the wind who makes his angels spirits his ministers a flame of fire
spirits his ministers a flame of fire
spirits his ministers a flame of fire you who laid the foundations of the
you who laid the foundations of the
you who laid the foundations of the earth so that it should not be moved for
earth so that it should not be moved for
earth so that it should not be moved for ever you covered it with a deep as with
ever you covered it with a deep as with
ever you covered it with a deep as with a garment the waters stood above the
a garment the waters stood above the
a garment the waters stood above the mountains at your rebuke they fled at
mountains at your rebuke they fled at
mountains at your rebuke they fled at the voice of your Thunder they hastened
the voice of your Thunder they hastened
the voice of your Thunder they hastened away they went up over the mountains
away they went up over the mountains
away they went up over the mountains they went down into the valleys to the
they went down into the valleys to the
they went down into the valleys to the place which you founded for them you
place which you founded for them you
place which you founded for them you have set a boundary that they may not
have set a boundary that they may not
have set a boundary that they may not pass over that they may not return to
pass over that they may not return to
pass over that they may not return to cover the earth he sends the springs
cover the earth he sends the springs
cover the earth he sends the springs into the valleys they flow among the
into the valleys they flow among the
into the valleys they flow among the hills they give drink to every beast of
hills they give drink to every beast of
hills they give drink to every beast of the field the wild donkeys quenched
the field the wild donkeys quenched
the field the wild donkeys quenched their thirst by them the birds of the
their thirst by them the birds of the
their thirst by them the birds of the heavens have their home they sing among
heavens have their home they sing among
heavens have their home they sing among the branches he waters the hills from
the branches he waters the hills from
the branches he waters the hills from his upper chambers the earth is
his upper chambers the earth is
his upper chambers the earth is satisfied with a fruit of your works he
satisfied with a fruit of your works he
satisfied with a fruit of your works he causes the grass to grow for the cattle
causes the grass to grow for the cattle
causes the grass to grow for the cattle and vegetation for the service of man
and vegetation for the service of man
and vegetation for the service of man that he may bring forth food from the
that he may bring forth food from the
that he may bring forth food from the earth and wine that makes glad the heart
earth and wine that makes glad the heart
earth and wine that makes glad the heart of man oil to make his face shine and
of man oil to make his face shine and
of man oil to make his face shine and bread which strengthens man's heart
bread which strengthens man's heart
bread which strengthens man's heart the trees of the Lord are full of SAP
the trees of the Lord are full of SAP
the trees of the Lord are full of SAP the Cedars of Lebanon which he planted
the Cedars of Lebanon which he planted
the Cedars of Lebanon which he planted where the birds make their nests the
where the birds make their nests the
where the birds make their nests the stork has her home in the fir trees the
stork has her home in the fir trees the
stork has her home in the fir trees the high hills are for the wild goats the
high hills are for the wild goats the
high hills are for the wild goats the cliffs are a refuge for the rock badgers
cliffs are a refuge for the rock badgers
cliffs are a refuge for the rock badgers he appointed the moon for seasons the
he appointed the moon for seasons the
he appointed the moon for seasons the Sun knows it's going down you make
Sun knows it's going down you make
Sun knows it's going down you make darkness and it is night in which all
darkness and it is night in which all
darkness and it is night in which all the beasts of the forest creep about the
the beasts of the forest creep about the
the beasts of the forest creep about the Young Lions roar after their prey and
Young Lions roar after their prey and
Young Lions roar after their prey and seek their food from God when the Sun
seek their food from God when the Sun
seek their food from God when the Sun rises they gather together and lie down
rises they gather together and lie down
rises they gather together and lie down in their dens man goes out to his work
in their dens man goes out to his work
in their dens man goes out to his work and to his labor until the evening Oh
and to his labor until the evening Oh
and to his labor until the evening Oh Lord how manifold are your works in
Lord how manifold are your works in
Lord how manifold are your works in wisdom you have made them all the earth
wisdom you have made them all the earth
wisdom you have made them all the earth is full of your possessions this great
is full of your possessions this great
is full of your possessions this great and wide sea in which are innumerable
and wide sea in which are innumerable
and wide sea in which are innumerable teeming things living things both small
teeming things living things both small
teeming things living things both small and great they're the ships sail about
and great they're the ships sail about
and great they're the ships sail about there is that Leviathan which you have
there is that Leviathan which you have
there is that Leviathan which you have made to play there these all wait for
made to play there these all wait for
made to play there these all wait for you that you may give them their food in
you that you may give them their food in
you that you may give them their food in due season what you give them they
due season what you give them they
due season what you give them they gather in you open your hand they are
gather in you open your hand they are
gather in you open your hand they are filled with good you hide your face they
filled with good you hide your face they
filled with good you hide your face they are troubled you take away their breath
are troubled you take away their breath
are troubled you take away their breath they die and return to their dust you
they die and return to their dust you
they die and return to their dust you send forth your spirit they are created
send forth your spirit they are created
send forth your spirit they are created and you renew the face of the earth
and you renew the face of the earth
and you renew the face of the earth may the glory of the Lord endure forever
may the glory of the Lord endure forever
may the glory of the Lord endure forever may the Lord rejoice in his works he
may the Lord rejoice in his works he
may the Lord rejoice in his works he looks on the earth and it trembles he
looks on the earth and it trembles he
looks on the earth and it trembles he touches the hills and they smoke I will
touches the hills and they smoke I will
touches the hills and they smoke I will sing to the Lord as long as I live I
sing to the Lord as long as I live I
sing to the Lord as long as I live I will sing praise to my god while I have
will sing praise to my god while I have
will sing praise to my god while I have my being may my meditation be sweet to
my being may my meditation be sweet to
my being may my meditation be sweet to him I will be glad in the Lord may
him I will be glad in the Lord may
him I will be glad in the Lord may sinners be consumed from the earth and
sinners be consumed from the earth and
sinners be consumed from the earth and the wicked be no more bless the Lord O
the wicked be no more bless the Lord O
the wicked be no more bless the Lord O my soul praise the Lord
my soul praise the Lord
my soul praise the Lord [Music]